PLAYMAKER EVENT MEMORY SAVE / LOAD TOOL

Open "Event Memory Tool.cmd" in the mod folder.

LOAD DIRECTLY IN GAME (NEW)
The mod includes the most recently installed preset. Its button shows the choice count.
1. Restart EU5 to load the new UI and bundled preset.
2. Start or load any campaign.
3. Open Mod Menu > Theplaymaker > General > Load saved event choices.
4. Click Load saved choices in the preset window. It changes to Choices loaded.
5. Automatic selection is OFF by default. Enable it in Theplaymaker > General if desired.
   Save normally to preserve the imported choices.
No destination save needs to be edited with the desktop tool.

UPDATE THE PRESET USED BY THAT BUTTON
1. Save the campaign after starring new event choices.
2. In Event Memory Tool, choose that source save and Save preset.
   Or Load preset to select a previously exported JSON file.
3. Click Use preset in game, then restart EU5.
4. Use Load saved choices in any campaign, including a brand-new one.
The in-game button merges preferences: matching titles use the preset choice;
other remembered choices remain. It does not automatically enable event memory.
The loaded indicator belongs to the country in this campaign. You may click
again to reapply the preset after forgetting an individual event.

EU5 reads the prepared preset as mod UI/localization files. This is not an
in-game file browser or a way for script to write new shared presets to disk.
The desktop tool is still needed to publish an updated preset. The generated
files ship with the mod and can be reused across campaigns. Dynamic event text
still needs to match exactly. Presets with [ ] or $ in their resolved text use
the save-copy workflow below, to avoid localization interpreting them as code.
Loading from the new button still needs an in-game test.

SAVE A PRESET
1. In EU5, star the event choices you want remembered, then save the game.
2. Open the tool and click Choose source save. Select that .eu5 file.
3. The tool shows the saved player-country tag and remembered options.
4. Click Save preset. Give the JSON preset a new name.

LOAD INTO ANOTHER CAMPAIGN
1. Create a save in the destination campaign first.
2. Open the tool and click Load preset; select your JSON preset.
3. Click Choose destination and select the destination .eu5 save.
4. Leave Merge selected to keep other existing preferences. Matching event titles
   use the preset's choice. Replace removes the destination's other remembered choices.
5. Click Create save copy and choose a NEW filename in EU5's save games folder.
6. Load that new save in EU5. It retains the original save's in-game campaign/date
   label; use the new filename and latest file time to distinguish it.

The original source and destination saves are never overwritten. The tool reads
back the output and verifies the transferred choices before publishing the copy.
It changes only the selected country's pmcq_event_choices map. Other mod settings,
including Mod Menu -> Theplaymaker -> General -> Automatically choose remembered events, remain as set in the destination.
If that switch is OFF, turn it ON to use the imported choices.

A starter preset is included in tools/event_memory/presets:
  Austria remembered choices.json
It contains the eight choices found in your latest Austria save when the tool was built.

Use the country-tag fields only if you deliberately want to read or modify a
country other than the saved player country (for example after switching countries).
Normal single-player use can leave both tags as automatically detected.

LIMITS
- Supports local EU5 SAV02 text saves and compressed binary saves from 1.3.11.
- Binary saves from other game versions are rejected until their field IDs are checked.
- Exact event title and option text must match the game's current event. Dynamic
  names/text and changing the game language can prevent remembered choices matching.
- Presets are portable JSON files; copy them to another PC along with this mod/tool.
- A preset is a snapshot. Export again to capture newly starred choices.
- The save-copy workflow does not alter a running game. The in-game preset button
  applies the installed preset directly to the current campaign.
- No external packages or internet are required. The Windows launcher uses the
  Python runtime bundled with Codex on this PC, falling back to Python on PATH.
- Automated tests and real-save read/write checks passed; loading the modified
  copy in EU5 still needs an in-game test. Keep your original save.

DEVELOPER / CLI
python tools/event_memory/event_memory.py inspect "source.eu5"
python tools/event_memory/event_memory.py export "source.eu5" "choices.json"
python tools/event_memory/event_memory.py import "destination.eu5" "new-copy.eu5" --preset "choices.json" --mode merge
python tools/event_memory/event_memory.py install "choices.json"
python -m unittest discover -s tools/event_memory -v

FORMAT REFERENCES
Binary token encoding was checked against Jomini's documented token definitions:
https://docs.rs/jomini/latest/src/jomini/binary/lexer.rs.html
The country/map field IDs and map nesting were verified against the local 1.3.11
saves. The tool preserves metadata and string_lookup bytes, uses explicit strings
for inserted values, and rewrites ZIP CRCs through Python's standard zipfile module.
