Event Favorites - first test version

Restart EU5 after installing this update. Press Esc, open Mod Menu,
select Theplaymaker > General, then choose Event Favorites.
Automatic event selection is OFF by default; enable it in the same menu.

Search by event title or ID, filter by category, and select an event on the left.
Click an option on the right to remember it. The bright star and pressed button
mark your choice. Clear favorite removes that event's preference. Favorites only
filters the catalog to events you have already configured.

Selecting a favorite does not fire an event or apply its effects. Preferences
use the existing campaign-saved pmcq_event_choices map and the existing event
memory ON/OFF setting. Starring a live event and using this browser share the
same preference. The external preset tool can export both kinds of choices.

The bundled catalog contains 282 events from the installed game's economy,
estates, government, culture and diplomacy folders. The initial catalog checks
English localization and excludes ambiguous titles, dynamic titles/options,
conditional options, hidden events and single-option events. Some listed events
still have country, religion, culture or other eligibility requirements. Choosing
a preference never bypasses those requirements. Supported root-country rewards
and costs are shown beneath each option using the game's read-only ExecuteTooltip
function and the current player country. No preview effects are executed.
Effects needing saved event scopes or conditions are excluded and marked as
additional effects which cannot be previewed. Scoped descriptions likewise
cannot be fully previewed before the event actually occurs.

Normal event popups with an available remembered option are hidden while that
option is selected. A missing favorite or disabled event memory leaves the
normal popup visible. If automatic selection does not finish within two seconds,
the event reappears for manual handling. Visual timing needs in-game testing.

Maintainers can regenerate the catalog after game updates with:
  python tools/event_memory/build_event_catalog.py "<EU5 game directory>"
Players do not need Python or an external helper to use the catalog.
The generator produces pmcq_event_catalog_generated.gui and event_catalog.json.
The catalog does not provide automatic preference transfer between campaigns.
